Django Testing


Use Case 01: Registration
        Test 01: Account creation and login
Input - <String> username, <String> password
Expected Functionality - A test account is created, and successfully logs into the website. The new user profile is added to the database.

Use Case 02: Adding a new tool
        Test 02: Add a tool
                Input - <String> name, <String> condition, <Boolean> availability, <String> 
description
Expected Functionality - A test tool is created, and is successfully added into
the database.  This option should only be available to a registered user.

Test 03: Cancel tool addition
        Input - Cancel Button
        Expected Functionality - The user is returned to their profile, and the tool is not
        added into the database.
Test 04: Remove tool
        Input - Remove Button
        Expected Functionality - The tool is successfully removed from the database.
        This option should only be available to the registered user who owns the tool.


Use Case 03: Change a tool’s location

Test 05: Change the location of a tool
        Input - 
        Expected Functionality - The tool is successfully shifted from its current shed
        or home to a new location, and is available for borrowing from this new location. 
This option should only be available to the registered user who owns the tool.

Test 06: Attempt to change the location of an unavailable tool.
        Input -
        Expected Functionality - An error is shown to the user, and the tool
        is not shifted.

Use Case 04: Change the availability of a tool
        Test 07: Change to available
                Input - Click the returned button
                Expected Functionality - The tool is available again, and the availability for the
                tool is set to True in the database. This should only be able to be done by the
                owner of the shed, upon the actual return of the tool.
        Test 08: Change to unavailable
                Input - Approve the borrow request for the tool
                Expected Functionality - The tool is unavailable for borrowing, and the
availability for the tool is set to False in the database. This should only happen when the tool owner accepts a borrow request.


Use Case 05: Request to borrow a tool
        Test 09: Borrow a tool
                Input - Click the borrow tool button
                Expected Functionality - A request is sent to the owner of the tool, and appears
                in their requests page. This option should only be available to a registered user.
        Test 10: Attempt to borrow an unavailable tool
                Input - Attempt to borrow an unavailable tool
                Expected Functionality - An error is shown to the user, and a request does not
                get sent to the tool owner.

Use Case 06: Handle Borrow Requests
        Test 11: Accept a borrow request
                Input - Click the accept button
                Expected Functionality - The tool is set to unavailable, and the borrower
                receives the tool in their inventory.
        Test 12: Deny a borrow request
                Input - Click the deny button
                Expected Functionality - Send a message to the attempted borrower, and
                do not modify the tool’s availability or place the tool in their inventory.